Rewrite understanding client-side tools section (#34017)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/understanding_client-side_tools/overview/index.md

   - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/): TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript that offers a bunch of additional features. The TypeScript compiler converts TypeScript code to JavaScript when building for production.
   - Frameworks such as [React](https://react.dev/), [Ember](https://emberjs.com/), and [Vue](https://vuejs.org/): Frameworks provide a lot of functionality for free and allow you to use it via custom syntax built on top of vanilla JavaScript. In the background, the framework's JavaScript code works hard to interpret this custom syntax and render it as a final web app.

> 3. Optimization. This is provided by _bundlers_, which are tools that get your code ready for production, for example by "tree-shaking" to make sure only the parts of your code libraries that you are actually using are put into your final production code, or "minifying" to remove all the whitespace in your production code, making it as small as possible before it is uploaded to a server. For example:

Reviewer: Same comment about linking to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Tree_shaking and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Minification if you like

   - [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) has been the most popular bundler for a long time, featuring a huge number of plugins and a powerful configuration system. However, it is also known for being quite complex to set up, and is slow compared to more modern alternatives.

>    - [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) is a new build tool that is very quickly gaining popularity for its speed, simplicity, and richness of features.

Reviewer: Maybe we can future-proof this a little more:

```suggestion
   - [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) is a modern build tool that is popular for its speed, simplicity, and richness of features.
```
